setup/readme.md, before:

<h1>Jetson Nano Setup</h1>

This directory contains instructions on how to perform the initial set up of the Jetson Nano.

The setup can be performed in either headful or headless modes. Headful mode requires the use of a monitor, keyboard, mouse, and another computer. 
Setting up the Nano headful allows it to be used by interacting with a GUI.

Headless mode only requires the use of another computer. Setting up the Nano headless will require that the Nano be used solely through a command line interface.

---

<h2>Directory Contents:</h2>

<h2>general/</h2>

* A directory containing files on general set up instructions regardless of headful or headless setup
* Please read over these files after doing an initial headful or headless set up

<h2>headful/</h2>

* A directory containing instructions on how to set up the Jetson Nano in headful mode

<h2>headless/</h2>

* A directory containing instructions on how to set up the Jetson Nano in headless mode

<h2>ordersheet.xlsx</h2>

* A file containing the hardware and costs of this kit

<h2>readme.md</h2>

* This file

Commit message:

Explained switching btw headless/headfull mode

setup/readme.md, after:

<h1>Jetson Nano Setup</h1>

This directory contains instructions on how to perform the initial set up of the Jetson Nano.

The setup can be performed in either headful or headless modes. The mode you decide to use for the setup is not binding. Once the Nano is setup you can switch between headfull and headless modes as you wish.

### Headful mode 
Requires the use of a monitor, keyboard, mouse, and another computer. 
Setting up the Nano headful allows it to be used by interacting with a GUI.

### Headless mode
Only requires the use of another computer. Setting up the Nano headless will require that the Nano be used solely through a command line interface.

---

<h2>Directory Contents:</h2>

<h2>general/</h2>

* A directory containing files on general set up instructions regardless of headful or headless setup
* Please read over these files after doing an initial headful or headless set up

<h2>headful/</h2>

* A directory containing instructions on how to set up the Jetson Nano in headful mode

<h2>headless/</h2>

* A directory containing instructions on how to set up the Jetson Nano in headless mode

<h2>ordersheet.xlsx</h2>

* A file containing the hardware and costs of this kit

<h2>readme.md</h2>

* This file
